gh-127604: Add C stack dumps to `faulthandler` (#128159)
python/cpython: Doc/library/faulthandler.rst

      Added support for passing file descriptor to this function.

Dumping the C stack
-------------------

.. versionadded:: next

.. function:: dump_c_stack(file=sys.stderr)

   Dump the C stack trace of the current thread into *file*.

>    If the system doesn't support the C-level :manpage:`backtrace` or :manpage:`backtrace_symbols` functions,
>    then an error message is displayed instead of the C stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the system does not support the C-level :manpage:`backtrace(3)`
   or :manpage:`backtrace_symbols(3)` functions, then an error message
   is displayed instead of the C stack.
```

      Added support for passing file descriptor to this function.

Dumping the C stack
-------------------

.. versionadded:: next

> .. function:: dump_c_stack(file=sys.stderr)

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better to have `file=None` and redirect it to sys.stderr if it's None? That way, we can patch `sys.stderr` locally (otherwise the default would be set once the module is loaded)

Author: That's what happens at the C level, yeah. `faulthandler` just denotes it like this because it's simpler for documentation.

Reviewer: Mmmh. `print()` uses `None` for `sys.stdout` so I don't know whatis the preferred way. Up to you!

Author: Let's just keep it as-is. `faulthandler.enable` already uses `sys.stderr`.

   Dump the C stack trace of the current thread into *file*.

   This is done with `GNU backtraces <https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Backtraces.html>`_.

>    If the system doesn't support the C-level ``backtrace()`` or ``backtrace_symbols`` functions,

Reviewer: You can add manpage to `backtrace` using the `manpage` role.

Author: TIL!

   The *file* must be kept open until the fault handler is disabled: see
   :ref:`issue with file descriptors <faulthandler-fd>`.

   If *c_stack* is ``True``, then the C stack trace is printed after the Python

>    traceback, unless the system doesn't support it. See :func:`dump_c_stack` for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   traceback, unless the system does not support it. See :func:`dump_c_stack` for
```

I'm not sure we use short forms in this file or not, just check it (I don't have an IDE opened).
